we are in allen union field a field where the sporty rock arrived
he was able on six occasions for the Argentine b 3 in the previous championship
with neither had the court and commissions interest
in this year two by the Argentine b
the priísmo it with a match for the Argentine Cup better said because
polanco by quentin active and in this way always the Galician president and
today was not the exception seventh game with triumph in the stadium of
allen union where tomorrow will play here and doing local
the type of program team that the two clubs
the two courts that have those clubs that are preparing to play very
soon with synthetic turf that will command control we have to say that the
plane had sent in yesterday with the date jorge newbery tying with
from the south of Bariloche 1 1 in Comodoro Rivadavia and in males in the west
neuquino tied 0 to 0 with Madrid and that mouth in Galician river won him racing
of trelew by 1 asserted he had the obligation to fist
and he did it by 2 to 0 to the team of jura candy Comodoro Rivadavia and of this
way it reaches the top of the positions it now shares the first location with
mouth of river gallegos with seven units six stores where comodoro 5 madrid 4
sea ​​or in that act a cross point of the south miguel rafa nadal
salgado
after leandro domini
I threw s
from the right even my
0 it was just announced and that cristian taborda lira invalidated well
by the referee because he really was
advanced without having entered the operator but nevertheless
within five minutes of the first part the first warning had been two minutes
before and after five minutes sporty rock as well again overcoming
clearly the rival demonstrating the last Argentine central point there is for
what had he done and now
with reinforcements of luxury in this case of joseph define with it the half turn
converting 1 to 0 isea practically from the locker room
sporty rock was the dominator and started winning
percent and will continue to sport rock dominion a few minutes of
Anxiety in the first time from 20 to 30
according to the ocde reported agent of the dncd was what we saw but more
beyond this we have to highlight then the sporty rock was the owner
absolute of the encounter it seems to me that there is no quota it seems to me again the team
naranja estila in this occasion dressed in blue is the great protagonist of
Argentine b arrived the second time and also very soon to the cars minutes
this second part the sporty rock and comment the figures to 2 to 0 and this
final result form first
a very good play on the left
and he did not forget the law and look at cristian taborda
he loses it for very little tdt to taborda that has become
four goals for the argentinian b five-story sporty rock
and a goal in the Argentine Cup nothing more and nothing less than his fans and rival that
yes can now I was not going to fail with the header after a shot by guevara
Cristian Taborda the only one as the best top goal scorers already in the
corner two to zero won to sporty rock that out next Sunday in
this same court for the fourth date in front of maronese deneuve
Jesus